what are you doing i'm exercising
don't you have some work to do i am
working i'm working
and exercising what work are you doing
i'm thinking
about what about ideas for mrs baby's
vacation
and what are you thinking
beach vacation i have to finish this can
you go exercise somewhere else
no problem
what are you doing i'm getting in shape
why are you doing that here
why don't you go to a gym or the park
or outside or home i don't have time to
go to the gym
i can't work when you do that can you go
over there no problem
bob what are you doing i'm working
then why are you running to get in shape
running burns a lot of calories exercise
later
work now please yes sir
i'm meeting a client at the cafe for
lunch marie okay
so what do you do to stay in shape
i generally go running in the morning i
do aerobics
two nights a week i always play tennis
or golf on the weekends
and i usually go bike riding every
sunday if the weather is good
you don't lift weights no oh you have to
lift weights to really stay in shape
i don't like to go to a gym you don't
have to go to a gym to lift weights you
can lift weights anywhere like this
or this
or even this oh maybe not that
thanks for the suggestions hey why don't
we go running together sometime
okay where do you run to the park
and back oh where do you run
to the park and then to the market
then the symphony hall then to harper's
street
then to the library then to the theater
ends and back oh
so do you want to go running after work
today gotta meet a friend for dinner
some other time then yeah sure hey
can you answer the phones for a while i
have to go to the post office and
there's only one here
no problem
um
that's your cousin teddy he's a waiter
he's single and he likes rock music
it's my brother eddie he's a doctor
he's got a wife and two kids and he
likes classical
music how about this one i don't know
a cousin no your brother no and uncle
it's my aunt judy sorry mrs morris
she looks like your uncle tell me
something about her
she's an architect artist married
divorced
two kids three kids four five kids
no kids
only eight more there's an easy i don't
know
it's my father i know who your father
is why are you showing me photos of your
father
my family is coming in one hour now pay
attention
why do you have such a large family it's
not that large
not that large you have six
brothers and sisters 14 aunts and uncles
who knows how many cousins nieces and
nephews
i'd say that's a large family they're
not all coming over
no just 18 of them i'm sorry honey
i just want them to like you calm down
it's okay you're doing fine
okay i'm okay
your cousin john
that's your sister's husband ernie
they live on park street two kids
elizabeth is 12 years old and
katie is eight
ernie's an architect he likes
baseball basketball
and the movies wow one more
your nephew david his nickname
is dave he lives on king street
he's single and he's a student
he loves to travel
he likes jazz and
he doesn't like fish you're amazing
very nice oh it's almost six
bob would you wipe off the counter
i'll be in the bathroom for a while
hello everyone come on in
well it happens in some countries but
usually not over here
so you're from italy yes i am and you're
traveling to tokyo
yes well welcome to top-notch travel
agency
let me introduce you to my staff then
we'll talk about
tokyo marie i'd like you to meet george
oh you know him
[Music]
it's very nice to meet you what's your
name
my name um
marie yes i'm marina page
it's very nice to meet you murray marie
is our receptionist
she's from paris mr moretti is a new
client
he's from italy georgia
georgia we're ready that's georgio
moretti
yes i know he's a new client he's from
italy
introduce me introduce me oh
yes this is cheryl
chill yes cheryl she's our
office manager hello mr
giorgio i mean mr moretti please call me
giorgio
call him giorgio it's so meat tonight
nice to meet you nice to meet you too
oh bob mom come meet georgie i'm
ready hey giorgio moretti
hey man how are you i'm bob but everyone
calls me
roberto bob is a travel agent
who calls you roberto
maretti paul is a
tour guide goodbye so long
it's nice to meet you but it must be
gone goodbye
it's nice to know you but i'm traveling
so mr moretti what is your occupation
he's a singer
everyone knows that
mr moretti marie has some questions for
you let's talk about tokyo
okay let's see name
giorgio moretti
occupation singer
famous singer
great and famous singer
nationality italian
age 32
married no
single
phone number
this is my information
everything okay come with me mr moretti
thank you mary
i have giorgio moretti's phone number
do you guys want to go out this weekend
there's a great movie playing at the
glenwood
a rock concert sounds better to me
i'd love to see a play how about an
opera
okay there's a rock concert saturday
night
at 8 pm blue city is playing
blue city i love them sounds good
not my style i don't
like rock okay
there's a play tonight at midnight at
the second
avenue theater it's called
conversations with food
sounds great at midnight
that's way past my bedtime no thanks
okay carmen is playing at the city opera
8 pm great how much are the tickets
you're kidding whoa
oh no way great
it's a movie then a time to run is
playing at the glenwood
at 7 p.m a time to run
oh don't go to that it's just awful
okay how about
you only live once it's playing at the
kendall also
at 7 p.m it's terrible
an actor's life please
anna goes home no
the left side of the street
i think there are no more tickets
so what's a good movie to see there's a
french film
playing at the bijou at 8 p.m i'm not a
fan it's a film about an opera singer
perfect and a rock star great who meet
at a play
wonderful thank you yeah thanks a lot
you're very welcome
it'll be fun bob
but i'm not a french film fan
oh
excuse me i'm looking for the rose
cinema the rose cinema
let's see that's on the corner of market
street
and park street or is it third and
grand no i think it's on market between
first and second avenue
okay uh so go around the corner
walk three blocks uh no
uh five blocks to harper street
turn left sorry right
go another two blocks
no yes two blocks
to fourth avenue take a right
yes walk about five blocks to market
street
go right again go straight
two more blocks the cinema is on your
right
uh no sorry you're left
hold what
you're looking for the rose cinema yes
go across the street and
it's across the street
thank you
and you're a tour guide
where are the tickets they're printing
okay mr evans needs them right now the
client
is coming in five minutes this printer
is driving me
crazy it's so slow
try blowing on it what
really try it
[Music]
now tap the sides just try it
now rub this side gently
does this really work
where are the tickets they're printing
okay mr evans needs them
now the client is coming in four minutes
easy there jackie chan
need a new printer aren't we getting a
new printer
you're buying the new printer aren't you
this
is the new printer this piece of junk
is new well it's new to us
this is an old printer just a little old
what kind is it is it a comprise mr
evans
says always buy a comprise it's a print
okay
a print okay what's a print okay
do you know that brand it's a good brand
and very inexpensive we need the tickets
now do something
where are the tickets they're printing
okay the client's coming up in one
minute
the printer's a little slow today stop
what don't come near this printer what's
the problem
you know machines don't work when you're
around that's not true
is your laptop working no won't turn on
is your cell phone working no it's a
left is your pda working no but
stay awake come on oh we need these
tickets right away
we're printing the last ticket please do
not come near
this printer the printer won't stop
working just because
the client is here where are the tickets
right here sir thank you
there are only nine where's the last one
right here sir
thank you
[Applause]
what the printer isn't working
what go across the hall to mr lee's
office
has to print one ticket on his printer
not you
you're sitting here until all the
tickets are printed
[Music]
are you ready to order we are excuse me
i have a question yes i'm in the mood
for lamb
but the sauce looks too fatty
could i order the lamb without the sauce
sure
what does it come with french fries
i don't like fried food could i have a
grilled vegetable instead i think we
have grilled peppers
perfect
would you like to start with an
appetizer
is there oil on the tomato salad there's
a lot of olive oil
yes could i get it without the oil
but it won't taste very good
then i'll just have a mixed green salad
and you i'm sorry i have another
question
is there salt on the limb it's cooked
with salt and pepper yes
i don't want a lot of salt i think i'll
have the fish instead
what's in the sauce lemon butter
milk oh that's too much dairy
maybe i'll have a large salad for my
entree
and no appetizer what's in the salad
lettuce carrots peppers onions
eggs no egg please salad
no egg anything to drink
just water please and for you
i'll have the special the special the
special
great could i ask you another question
no
oh this is delicious
amazing cheryl don't you want to try it
no thanks too many calories and we need
to go
i'll ask for the check
i love dessert do you know
how many calories are in that cake no
and don't tell me or how much
fat was in your steak and your fried
shrimp or how much salt was on your
french fries
do you want us to just eat raw
vegetables
vegetables are good or how about
smaller portions and no dessert
no dessert you need to take care of your
body
eat healthy food have vegetables for
snacks
instead of potato chips and cookies
you're right tomorrow i'm eating lots of
vegetables
really for snacks and i'm having
potato chips cookies for breakfast lunch
and dinner
you're terrible
what are you doing i'm trying to get the
check
finally
[Music]
do you want that
about length okay i will introduce some
words about length
long very long long
this one short very short
short this one shoulder length this is
your shoulder
and shoulder length that means this is
laying here okay the length is here
so we have shoulder length shoulder
length remember the th and cropped
crotch that means very short very short
here
just like just like men's hair okay
we have long long
short short shorter length
shoulder length cropped
cropped a bell
shape now shape we have
straight straight okay
very straight this one curly curly
curly in this one wavy just like my hair
a little
curly so this is called wavy there just
like the disco
slightly curly okay wavy
fritzy fritzy that means very very curly
okay and spiky spiky that means i'm
usually short hair
or men's hair you use your hair
your hair gel and then you put them on
your hair and then
you make your hair straight up like this
that is called
spiky hair okay so spiky
now we have straight straight
this one curly curly
wavy wavy fritzy
fritzy spiky spiky
about the color any color that
you can use to talk about your hair but
i will introduce some
kind of familiar colors okay so
blonde in english when we talk about
your hair your hair is not yellow you
don't use the word yellow
you use blonde with air or no air
still the same pronunciation blonde okay
blonde
light brown light brown and dark
brown dark brown that means very very
brown
and light brown that means slightly
brown okay so
light brown light brown
and this is dark brown dark
brown ah okay you you know this one
right
black black and red
we can say green or purple or something
like that okay
so again blonde blonde
light brown light brown
dark brown dark brown
black black red
red now from these patterns
and the words that we have to study
let's make some examples of our hair
long long straight
dark brown dark brown hair long
straight dark brown hair just follow
the patterns here okay length shape
color and hair long straight
dark brown hair this one cropped
here spiky
red cropped
spiky red hair cropped spiky red hair
okay now
short short here wavy
here blonde here
so we have short wavy blonde hair
short wavy blonde hair now
shoulder length shoulder length here
and curly always curly here
and black here so shoulder length
curly black hair